README.md, before:

# 📗 Table of Contents
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Airline Frontend App](#-airline-frontend-app)
- [🤝Airline Reservation Management System ](#airline-reservation-management-system-)
  - [🧪 Linters ](#-linters-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 API Documentation ](#-api-documentation-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Frontend $ Backend Testing ](#frontend--backend-testing-)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [On Windows](#on-windows)
- [To start the development server](#to-start-the-development-server)
- [To build for production and watch for changes](#to-build-for-production-and-watch-for-changes)
    - [On Ubuntu](#on-ubuntu)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors--1)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Airline Frontend App<a name="about-project"></a>

Welcome to the frontend of the Airline Reservation Project, a cutting-edge application built using React and Redux technologies. Here, you can easily browse and reserve flights of your choice by selecting your preferred flight date date and city city of origin and destination.
Our user-friendly interface allows you to explore a diverse range of flights with detailed information. You can make informed decisions based on real-time availability, ensuring a seamless reservation process.

# [🤝Airline Reservation Management System](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) <a name="about-project-associated"></a>

[Air Reservation Management System Backend](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) is just the end point of all the functionality on the Frontend app it is build on Ruby on rails using postgresql as a Database. Proper authorizations of users and authentication of user for creation reservations, flights and cancel them according to role

## 🧪 Linters <a name="linters"></a>
[![Linters](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Booking-app-frontend/actions/workflows/linters.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Booking-app-frontend/actions/workflows/linters.yml)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

In this project we utilize our skills and knowledge to create this project

<details>
  <summary>Project language </summary>
  <ul>
    <li>JavaScript</li>
    <li>Ruby on Rails</li>
    <li>React and Redux</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>FrameWork</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">React</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>DataBase</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="postgresql.org/">Postgres</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Frontend and Backend FrameWork</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">ROR</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- log in
- Sign in
- Responsive
- Book Flight
- Reserve Flight

## 💻 API Documentation <a name="api-doc"></a>

To get to the API Documentation, go to the link above after starting rails server


localhost:3000/api-docs


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project with the [Project Repo](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) you need:

- Node installed in your machine
- Ruby installed in your machine
- Ruby on Rails installed in your machine
- Postgres installed and all password and user being setup
- Any integrated terminal like
  - CMD `preferred`
  - Bash`preferred`
  - PowerShell
  - VsCode
  - etc

### Setup

for cloning follow this steps
- go to green `code` button very top left corner of this Repository container
- copy your `SSH` or `https` file and clone it in your desired folder
- or just download `ZIP` file
- Create `.env` file in root directory and add this line there `port=8000`

Note for [Project repo](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) follow there prerequisites
### Install

Install this project with:

for now you don't need any installation to run project if you already followed [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)

just few dependency packages

npm install
bundle instal

### Frontend $ Backend Testing <a name="tech-stack"></a>
  <summary>Backend Testing</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Backend (RSpec):</li>
    <li>Command: rspec</li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
  <summary>Frontend Testing</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>React UI testing:</li>
    <li>Command: npm test</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Usage
To run the project, execute the following command:

### On Windows
# To start the development server
rails s

# To build for production and watch for changes
yarn build --watch

###  On Ubuntu

./bin/dev

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 *Author: Damilare*

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Bestbynature)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Dammybest)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/damilareismailabestbynature/)

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 *Naji Ali*

- GitHub: [Naji Ali](https://github.com/naji-97)
- LinkedIn: [Naji Ali](https://linkedin.com/in/abdennaji)

👤 *MarwanDev*

- GitHub: [MarwanDev](https://github.com/MarwanDev)
- Twitter: [@marwanEg](https://twitter.com/marwaneg)
- LinkedIn: [marwan-abdelsattar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marwan-abdelsattar/)

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 *Ndonyi Maurice Djam*

- GitHub: [@citec-47](https://github.com/citec-47)
- Twitter: [@Ndonyi4](https://twitter.com/Ndonyi4)
- LinkedIn: [@ndonyi-maurice](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndonyi-maurice-b5b49b22b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Styling of various webpage
- [ ] Better login and authorization


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please give it star or buy a coffee for us

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


We would like to thank microverse for giving this opportunity to show up our skills

and the <a href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html"> Ruby on rails docs </a>

moving further We want to thank [muratk Korkmaz on Behance](https://www.behance.net/muratk) the [author of the original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign) for App Inspiration


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE](/LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

:rocket: Add the Kanban Board Link to the readme for final evaluation

README.md, after:

# 📗 Table of Contents
- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Airline Frontend App](#-airline-frontend-app)
- [🤝Airline Reservation Management System ](#airline-reservation-management-system-)
  - [🧪 Linters ](#-linters-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [💻 API Documentation ](#-api-documentation-)
  - [💻 Kanban Board ](#-kanban-board-)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Frontend $ Backend Testing ](#frontend--backend-testing-)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [On Windows](#on-windows)
- [To start the development server](#to-start-the-development-server)
- [To build for production and watch for changes](#to-build-for-production-and-watch-for-changes)
    - [On Ubuntu](#on-ubuntu)
  - [👥 Author ](#-author-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors--1)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Airline Frontend App<a name="about-project"></a>

Welcome to the frontend of the Airline Reservation Project, a cutting-edge application built using React and Redux technologies. Here, you can easily browse and reserve flights of your choice by selecting your preferred flight date date and city city of origin and destination.
Our user-friendly interface allows you to explore a diverse range of flights with detailed information. You can make informed decisions based on real-time availability, ensuring a seamless reservation process.

# [🤝Airline Reservation Management System](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) <a name="about-project-associated"></a>

[Air Reservation Management System Backend](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) is just the end point of all the functionality on the Frontend app it is build on Ruby on rails using postgresql as a Database. Proper authorizations of users and authentication of user for creation reservations, flights and cancel them according to role

## 🧪 Linters <a name="linters"></a>
[![Linters](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Booking-app-frontend/actions/workflows/linters.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ernestmusong/Booking-app-frontend/actions/workflows/linters.yml)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

In this project we utilize our skills and knowledge to create this project

<details>
  <summary>Project language </summary>
  <ul>
    <li>JavaScript</li>
    <li>Ruby on Rails</li>
    <li>React and Redux</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>FrameWork</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://react.dev/">React</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>DataBase</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="postgresql.org/">Postgres</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Frontend and Backend FrameWork</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://rubyonrails.org/">ROR</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- log in
- Sign in
- Responsive
- Book Flight
- Reserve Flight

## 💻 API Documentation <a name="api-doc"></a>

To get to the API Documentation, go to the link above after starting rails server


localhost:3000/api-docs


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Kanban Board <a name="kanban-board"></a>

- Click <a href="https://github.com/users/Bestbynature/projects/5">here</a> for the kanban board. Total Number of People in the team: 4 people: @MarwanDev @naji-97 @citec-47 @Bestbynature 

- Github Repo <a href="https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone">link</a>

![Alt text](image.png)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project with the [Project Repo](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) you need:

- Node installed in your machine
- Ruby installed in your machine
- Ruby on Rails installed in your machine
- Postgres installed and all password and user being setup
- Any integrated terminal like
  - CMD `preferred`
  - Bash`preferred`
  - PowerShell
  - VsCode
  - etc

### Setup

for cloning follow this steps
- go to green `code` button very top left corner of this Repository container
- copy your `SSH` or `https` file and clone it in your desired folder
- or just download `ZIP` file
- Create `.env` file in root directory and add this line there `port=8000`

Note for [Project repo](https://github.com/Bestbynature/final-group-capstone.git) follow there prerequisites
### Install

Install this project with:

for now you don't need any installation to run project if you already followed [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)

just few dependency packages

npm install
bundle instal

### Frontend $ Backend Testing <a name="tech-stack"></a>
  <summary>Backend Testing</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Backend (RSpec):</li>
    <li>Command: rspec</li>
  </ul>
</details>
<details>
  <summary>Frontend Testing</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>React UI testing:</li>
    <li>Command: npm test</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Usage
To run the project, execute the following command:

### On Windows
# To start the development server
rails s

# To build for production and watch for changes
yarn build --watch

###  On Ubuntu

./bin/dev

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Author: Damilare

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Bestbynature)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Dammybest)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/damilareismailabestbynature/)

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Naji Ali

- GitHub: [Naji Ali](https://github.com/naji-97)
- LinkedIn: [Naji Ali](https://linkedin.com/in/abdennaji)

👤 MarwanDev

- GitHub: [MarwanDev](https://github.com/MarwanDev)
- Twitter: [@marwanEg](https://twitter.com/marwaneg)
- LinkedIn: [marwan-abdelsattar](https://www.linkedin.com/in/marwan-abdelsattar/)

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 Ndonyi Maurice Djam

- GitHub: [@citec-47](https://github.com/citec-47)
- Twitter: [@Ndonyi4](https://twitter.com/Ndonyi4)
- LinkedIn: [@ndonyi-maurice](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ndonyi-maurice-b5b49b22b/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Styling of various webpage
- [ ] Better login and authorization


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project please give it star or buy a coffee for us

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>


We would like to thank microverse for giving this opportunity to show up our skills

and the <a href="https://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html"> Ruby on rails docs </a>

moving further We want to thank [muratk Korkmaz on Behance](https://www.behance.net/muratk) the [author of the original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign) for App Inspiration


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE](/LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
